feat: implement react wrapper (#1168)
nhn/tui.calendar: apps/react-calendar/README.md

# TOAST UI Calendar for React

> This is a React component wrapping [TOAST UI Calendar](https://github.com/nhn/tui.calendar).

[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@toast-ui/react-calendar.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@toast-ui/react-calendar)

## 🚩 Table of Contents

- [Collect statistics on the use of open source](#collect-statistics-on-the-use-of-open-source)
- [Migration to v2](#migration-to-v2)
- [Installation](#-installation)
  - [npm](#npm)
- [Usage](#-usage)
  - [Import](#import)
  - [Props](#props)
  - [Theme](#theme)
  - [Instance Methods](#instance-Methods)
  - [Getting the root element](#getting-the-root-element)
  - [Event](#event)
- [Pull Request Steps](#-pull-request-steps)
- [Contributing](#-contributing)
- [License](#-license)

## Collect statistics on the use of open source

> React Wrapper of TOAST UI Calendar applies Google Analytics (GA) to collect statistics on the use of open source, in order to identify how widely TOAST UI Calendar is used throughout the world. It also serves as important index to determine the future course of projects. location.hostname (e.g. > “ui.toast.com") is to be collected and the sole purpose is nothing but to measure statistics on the usage. To disable GA, use the `usageStatistics` props like the example below.

Reviewer: Vue calendar의 경우 `TOAST UI Calendar for Vue`, `Vue Wrapper` 라는 용어만 사용했어요. 하나로 통일하는 게 어떨까요?

Author: vue -> react 로 바꾼 용어로 통일하겠습니다!

```js
<Calendar usageStatistics={false} />
```

> Or, include `tui-code-snippet.js` (**v1.4.0** or **later**) and then immediately write the options as follows:

Reviewer 2: 이 부분은 굳이 언급할 필요가 있을랑가 모르겠네요. 아니라면 이 파일을 가져오는 방법이 링크로라도 안내가 있어야겠어요.

Author: 제거했습니다.

```js
tui.usageStatistics = false;
```

> ## Migration to v2

Reviewer: README에 Migration to v2 섹션이 있으니 좋네요 👍  나머지 README는 제가 추가해둘게요

> The React wrapper of TOAST UI calendar is almost identical to v1, and you can follow the [v2 migration guide](https://github.com/nhn/tui.calendar/blob/main/docs/en/guide/migration-guide-v2.md) of the calendar.

Reviewer 2: 문서 링크는 상대경로로 해주셔요

> ## 💾 Installation

Reviewer: Calendar Core, vue calendar의 경우 README에는 최대한 간략하게 설치 방법 및 사용 방법을 적었어요.
먼저 #1168 PR 머지하시면 제가 #1170 PR에서 형식이나 내용 수정해둘게요!

### npm

```sh
npm install --save @toast-ui/react-calendar
```

## 📊 Usage

### Import

You can use Toast UI Calendar for React as a ECMAScript module or a CommonJS module.

- Using ECMAScript module

```js
import Calendar from '@toast-ui/react-calendar';
import '@toast-ui/calendar/toastui-calendar.css';

// If you use the default popups, use this.
import 'tui-date-picker/dist/tui-date-picker.css';
import 'tui-time-picker/dist/tui-time-picker.css';
```

- Using CommonJS module

```js
var Calendar = require('@toast-ui/react-calendar');
require('@toast-ui/calendar/toastui-calendar.css');

// If you use the default popups, use this.
require('tui-date-picker/dist/tui-date-picker.css');
require('tui-time-picker/dist/tui-time-picker.css');
```

### Props

> We are supported in the form of props for [Options of TOAST UI Calendar](https://nhn.github.io/tui.calendar/latest/Options). Each name of props is same options of Toast UI Calendar except `view` is for `defaultView` of option. Additionally, you can set events using `events` of prop.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This wrapper component support props in the form of [Options of TOAST UI Calendar](https://nhn.github.io/tui.calendar/latest/Options). Each name of props matches the same option property of Toast UI Calendar except `view` is for `defaultView` of option. Additionally, you can set events using the `events` of prop.
```

```js
class MyComponent extends React.Component {
  calendarRef = React.createRef();

  handleClickButton = () => {
    this.calendarRef.current.getRootElement().classList.add('calendar-root');
  };

  render() {
    return (
      <>
        <Calendar ref={this.calendarRef} {...calendarOptions} />
        <button onClick={this.handleClickButton}>Click!</button>
      </>
    );
  }
}
```

### Event

[All the events of TOAST UI Calendar](https://github.com/nhn/tui.calendar/blob/main/docs/en/apis/calendar.md#instance-events) are supported in the form of `on[EventName]` props. The first letter of each event name should be capitalized. For example, for using `mousedown` event you can use `onMousedown` prop like the example below.

```js
class MyComponent extends React.Component {
  handleClickDayName = (ev) => {
    // view : week, day
    console.group('onClickDayName');
    console.log(ev.date);
    console.groupEnd();
  };

  render() {
    return <Calendar onClickDayName={this.handleClickDayName} />;
  }
}
```

> ## 🔧 Pull Request Steps

Reviewer 2: 기여 관련 부분은 Vue쪽이랑 합을 맞추거나 아니면 메인 문서 링크만 걸어도 될듯요.

Author: 넵 vue wrapper 쪽에 맞춰서 작성했습니다!
